11   Quest and Special Events
   
Note: You can have maximum of 4 quests active at once (except the
final "go to your moon and claim it" quest, which counts
separately).

This list is by no means complete. If you spot one that's not
here, or if you have more details, please contact me!


11.1  QUESTS YOU GET ON PLANETS

You get one of these quests when you click on the "special"
button at the system information screen. Or you can get one of
the special events (next section).


11.1.1     Space Monster
     
Quest: Space Monster is attacking Acamar. Go destroy it.

Opponent: The space monster is a pretty tough opponent. Do not
tackle unless you have a Hornet or Wasp, 2 reflective shields, 3
military lasers, and a GOOD fight rating.

Reward: ??


11.1.2     Scarab
     
Quest: The Scarab, an advanced ship with a hull coating that can
ONLY be damaged by a pulse laser, has been stolen. Go destroy it.

Opponent: Scarab can only be damaged by a pulse laser, and you'll
have to chase it down

Reward: You can get that coating applied to your ship. However,
the coating cannot be transferred to another ship.


11.1.3     Firefly
     
Quest: Firefly, the ship with an advanced lightning shield
prototype, has been stolen. It was last seen at _____

Opponent: Firefly is not a difficult ship to destroy if you have a
fully outfitted warship (Hornet or Wasp, fight rating of 9 or
higher, and so on)

Reward: you get a lightning shield as reward


11.1.4     Warn the doctor
     
Quest: Travel to _____ and warn the doctor not to perform the
experiment, or the universe will be ripped apart!

Opponent: just time... 6 days or less

Reward: Portable Singularity for an instant jump to any planet

Failure: if you warp between systems you may be thrown in a
random direction and emerge elsewhere.


11.1.5     Warn alien invasion
     
Quest: You must travel to _____ and warn the local defenses about
an alien invasion.

Opponent: just time

Reward: fuel compactor? (gives any ship range 18 jumps)

Failure: the planet gets blasted back into pre-agricultural
anarchy


11.1.6     Take the diplomat home
     
Quest: Take the diplomat home to Devidia.

Requires: an available living quarter

Reward: price haggling computer?


11.1.7     Take the Criminal Home
     
Quest: Take the crimianl home to ________

Requires: a free living quarter, negative reputation (you only
get this quest if you have negative reputation. If you have
positive reputation, you'll see the diplomat quest instead).

Complications: the police will be after you all the way

Reward: You get a Merc for free (supposedly?) and your record's
reset to "neutral".


11.1.8     Deliver medicine to plague planet
     
Quest: Deliever special medicine to a plague-stricken planet

Requires: 10 cargo space

Run the cargo to that colony

Reward: _____


11.1.9    Alien Artifact
     
Quest: Take this alien artifact, and search for the scientist,
who only said he'll be visiting a hi-tech system (but not which
one!)

Requires: none

Complications: Alien Mantis ships will be chasing you all over
the place. If you can't fight them, surrender, and they'll take
the artifact.

Reward: just some more credits.


11.1.10    Save the Princess

Quest: Hunt down the Scorpion, disable with disruptors, then
take the princess back to Galvon. 

Requires: photon disruptor(s), a free living quarter (preferred),
a clean police record (probably)

Complications: Must NOT destroy the Scorpion, if you do not have a 
available living quarter, one of your crew will be retired to make room. 

Reward: Quantum disruptor

NOTE: I never personally ran into this quest, but apparently it is 
in the game and discovered by Scott Johnson who clued me in by examining
the GPL'ed source code. 


11.2  SPECIAL EVENTS


11.2.1    Alien Learning Machine
     
You get to use the alien learning machine for 3000 cr, but you
can't pick the skill to learn


11.2.2    A Wondrous Item
     
Someone offers to sell you a "wondrous item" for 1000 cr.

It turns out to be a tribble. And yes, just like the tribbles on
Star Trek.

If you load up any food, they multiply like crazy.

If you load up any narcotics, some of them turn into fur.

The only way to get rid of them permanently is to visit a planet
where they'll pay you 5 cr per tribble onboard. However, to
locate such a planet, you'll have to check the "News".


11.2.3     Erase your Record
     
Someone offers to erase your police record if you pay him
________

It works, and if you trade or smuggle a lot, it may be worth it.


11.2.4     Buy a Moon
     
If you pay 500000 cr, you can obtain a small moon at Utopia
system, and retire to it. That would be the ultimate retirement.


11.2.5     Sealed containers
     
A second-hand dealer wants to sell you 3 sealed cargo units for
1000 cr. It could be anything from water to robots. Do you buy?


11.3  SPACE WAY ENCOUNTERS

There aren't that many space encounters, but they are usually
beneficial.


11.3.1    Captain needs shield
     
This only happen if you have at least one reflective shield
onboard.

A captain in a Wasp requests a meeting. He asks that you give him
your reflective shield in exchange for some training.


11.3.2    Captain needs laser
     
This only happen if you have at least one military laser onboard.

A captain in a Wasp requests a meeting. He asks that you give him
your military laser in exchange for some training.


11.3.3    Marie Celeste
     
You ran into this tiny Flea that seem to be abandoned. It has 10
units of cargo onboard. Do take a chance and grab it?

If you grab the cargo, there's a GOOD chance cops will shop up
and attempt to arrest you. You can flee. It's up to you.


11.3.4    Enhancing Tonic
     
You may run into a bottle of enhancing tonic, with no readable
expiration date. It will do something to your stats, but what it
will do precisely is not known.